dropped down to get there and get
to face the name is gabriel this is one more
urchin thousand today that you found the
fuck
it was not like that on the pitch I play I'm going to give
life the chair in front of my video
fuck
Fuck this, will you?
Wow, look at what time the life is never
to know that medicine behind me
I can see why I burn mine
videos then and there will be lots of people there
doing review predicted bruno ganz is
because you are also in because you will have
There's no money for the kids to play.
image to image or not there right not
fuck that girl list game in steam
300 game with dollar also on the run
let's not go there first not
moral won he obeyed by hand
I do not know what the fuck I was
sir once said point a video
comparing the face graphic is very expensive
low slang ours as I hate bull
worse do not go down I've been the guy for 17 years at
put the guy made a video comparing the
xbox traffic people do not stop xbox
the year with purchases be with beauty the
His intention was almost intelligent.
Why do you think I think in his head?
that works that way, I go, I go
compare two consoles then I go
compare these two consoles with the same
game on every console by how genius
dude its our time to take it in the ass of the video
online game has already been used.
the same it was made and as a game
platform which was button was 4
then it was made for that honor
for this fucking and playstation 4 spoke
Looking at me, it was not like I look at
me khan
Look at me every time Boto was 4 was
made multiplatform was made to new
the effects of such
for pc and xbox with one year and 34 legal
beauty it's a multiplatform game
So this business is not because
xbox yesterday a little something else because no
play 4 has a new old one that changes
game of this multiplatform game of pc and
xbox for what changes nothing nothing and nothing
It will fucking be the same game, just change the cd.
One shoulder in there we're gonna change this is not
nothing else or fuck what changes your
television changes at hand on key moral
that changes nothing guns have a serial ally
the case will not only take in the ass
the guy picks up the image he's still close
Top fucking on the screen
there you see that noteboks one to the sheet she
I do not know what to do with her.
20 and has a double ricardinho only and
4 she has 15 series fucking expensive hand in the
where you will zoom in on the screen
times until the person was twice
that two weeks ago
do not give do not give in human type rice lighthouse
not because here
I think the 4 most anti aliasing only
who was not there and you son of a bitch who
Had your boat there with Bruna, that's okay.
Has anyone got it will not have
problems was during it has an effect
completely radio that just look at me
For who's looking at me and me.
because usp will not use it any more
fire